docs: minor hint regarding glob notation (#285)
actions/labeler: README.md

# Add 'label2' to any file changes within 'example2' folder
label2: example2/*

> # Add label3 to any .txt file changes in the entire repository, ' are mandatory for leading *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add label3 to any change to .txt files within the entire repository. Quotation marks are required for the leading asterisk
```
